well this is a serious fear down here
but this is not a staring competition
folks this is a battle competition so
competitors please step forth please or
else we're gonna waste much more time
all right round two she'll care mints I
mean wait what round is this it's around
three okay round three sorry I'm
forgetting all right three shall
commence then three two one fight
okay Korea I know you're a girl and I am
but I'm not going easy on you
well I never seen a psychic-type need
second moves this psychic before yeah I
am not sure how many times I'm gonna say
psychic
well Pikachu I guess you can and have a
world work that I'm saying second so
much okay let's see wait okay come on
Korea like like a Pokemon museums use
your ballerina means or something
yeah I think I got her up whoa whoa whoa
how are you doing that and levitating
Wow what is this the end of Grovyle he's
got 10 seconds to get up ten nine eight
seven six five four three two stay down
kid whoa unbelievable Grovyle defeated a
psychic-type it was a girl man I was
thinking that I am awesome
Wow can you believe it Charizard I mean
seriously think about it man a
grass-type defeating a psychic-type
Kirlia Wow I can't even believe it
I guess there's no hard feelings for her
right I hope she doesn't go into
meltdown now if I know curly I know she
wouldn't bawl her eyes out wow that's
safe to hear indeed it is all right now
that Grovyle has defeated his second
opponents it is now time for the
championship battle dot dot dot man I am
so sick of fake music let's put on some
real music here
all right cool well it's time for me
jealous even though they fought before I
think this is gonna be twice is awesome
all right let's let me go back to my
post as a referee
if you are let the championship battle
commence now we all know the rules no
dirty fighting here Victor because we
are on live camera and we don't want to
see anybody here all right folks get
ready for the most epic battle of your
life I think all right competitors set
fart
this is giving me the chills
courage
let the championship valve commence in
three two
you are what sorry Bunch
three
you saw you got away from easily whoa
Grovyle what is up with your head do
this oh this is all you Millie a ting
does this town is ofthese down do the
countdown already read all right walk
ten nine eight seven six five four three
two
whoa whoa hey hey take it easy you rich
Michael here again I rip your head off
okay
guess
upside down that easily
well guess what you mess with the Toros
you get the horns that my friends is how
grass-type goes dude that's was epic
I guess we can all agree that Grovyle is
number one
yes you really are number one
you're what that's right folks I am the
number one
bell tower ever well I guess that's it
then the champion has been defeated
how does it feel Grovyle to be number
one yeah how does it feel well I guess
it feels alright except I lost my Kokiri
cap and I'm never gonna see it again
and everybody's seeing me on live
television don't worry
I mean nobody cares because you are
number one
no guess about how your vine looks it'll
grow back anyway right right